Okay. Now, the key is with shingles is that it's not to exert myself. Hi, folks. I have
a herpy virus called shingles. You can Google it, or I'll tell you a lot about it tonight.
I've learned a lot about it, but it rides on the nervous system. It's a reactivation
of the chicken pox from when you were a kid. It comes as a result of you either being 60,
living in a third world country, or having my lifestyle, which apparently is high stress
or low health. I'm going to go with the latter. So, you know, I went to New York with Dino,
had a good time. And this is pretty shingles. I think I got the shingles. I think I got a
fever for the flavor in New York. And then I got the flavor of the shingles on the way
back to that. Some people call you shingles, Dick. Yeah. Sorry, is that my comedy car alarm
went off outside? All right. Well, it's stuff like that. I want to thank the production
crew because, well, first of all, I want to say to the subscribers, I hope so. I mean,
this isn't helping. Here's some of the things that shingles loves car alarms. The doctor
told me not to do work out, go to therapy. I didn't go to therapy. I didn't do the weekend
Dracula show, the super tight like finale. Like these are fun things for me. But you
know, I'm taking it easy. I have to not like even good stresses is bad stress because this
is a nerve is a virus that lives in your nerve endings. So I'm trying to take it very easy.
So we did a little soft open, a little soft warm open for those of you who are listening
for free. That's cool. That doesn't make me. But what you don't know is that Dan is laying
in a kind of a cool, like blonde wood. I'm sitting in bed with a bag of hard boiled eggs.
It's got some Minecraft flavored bedding. Some egg lands best eggs. Can you open these
for me? I'd love to. You're just eating eggs out of a bag. Yeah. Lysine. What? The herpes
virus that makes up shingles doesn't like lysine, which is weird because the dinosaurs
of Jurassic Park love it. They need it in the book. Anyway, they kind of fucked off
with that in the movie. And then they didn't really talk about the lysine dependency. I
love lysine. Do you think that lysine is the reason why the loss of raptor is cheetah
speed? Yeah. You're eating a hard boiled egg out of a plastic pouch. It's full of vitamin
A or something. Can you hear the herpes screaming? It's pissed. It's downright ornery. Anyways,
now don't go. Is it going to scar on your head or is that going to go away? Well, you
can see this one that's right in the middle of my forehead. It's a, I could leave a divot.
It's kind of cool. I got to say, when you get a disease that's like has like a sci fi
twist to it, I can at least get into that and get through the searing pain, which by
the way has subsided. I'm not in any pain. Yay. I mean, I was a little tingling, but
I think that's because I'm on these meds every time. I noticed like a half hour after I take
the meds. All right, slow down, Harmon. Fucking stop talking a mile a minute. Eat your egg.
Get your lysine, Harmon. Get your lysine. Just get your groovy voice back on. We've
got some very low energy, mild mannered New York friends that are going to be joining
us in a second. They're going to really keep me calm. They're from the east coast where
the, where the vibes are chill. Yeah. Um, and where you get shingles. What was I, what
was I just saying? I say we, uh, exactly got some music for us. Lay it on us. Well, cold
open is over. Oh, okay. I think this opens about to heat up. You know what I'm saying?
Where's that music? Oh, so it's sort of like, um, you know, when you get chicken pox when
you're a kid, this is the cool stuff I get. Topical. Yo, if we're rapping, we're rapping
low and slow beat down this chicken pox, turn up the rocks, make them like pebbles. Motherfucker
face to the trouble. Whoa. Whoa. Don't fuck with me. Not today. Low energy. Gotta relax
in my minecraft bed. Gotta do some rhymes off the top of my head. I saw a snoop, loop,
a dupadee, dupadee. I fucked your mama in the laundry shoe. I put pajamas on the back
of my neck. Beautiful uptown, Burbank, Harmontown is once again in sessions. We have a supine
Dan Harmon eating hard boiled eggs out of a garage station fucking bag. I'm a cop
troller. Jeff Davis, a game master. Start in there. Spencer Crittenden. Let's give it up
for your shingles ridden mayor. Before he succumbs to illness and syphilitic madness.
Your mayor is Dan Harmon. Thank you. See, I didn't understand your energy. Yeah, we didn't
know what was happening. We just, we both just realized, oh, he's, he's a slave to the
format. You're like, I mean, in a good way. You're a professional. You're like, guys,
we haven't started to show you. I was more comfortable with a kind of just a totally
awkward experimental, no title sequence show. You got the facial chicken pox, eating some
eggs, eight and million cocks. Whoa. That's okay. I don't want you to be homophobic today
because we got our East Coast friends coming up in a second. We're going to make amends
with the whole nation and my chicken pox. Got the herpes virus, like bagels and locks.
They go together. Birds of a feather. Podcasting pros in the sunny weather. They came out to
visit. Fuck your mama like my name was. Can you wrap a little bit about your Minecraft
pillows and medvedic? Yeah. I don't mind being told what to do because I'm, I need to keep
my nervous system unexerted. So all right, I'll wrap about my blankets. Minecraft's on
them. Word. Fuck it. Yeah, Christ. Congratulations. You have a slave rapper now. Fuck it. Hell
yeah. All right, let's, uh, look, I want to, I want to bring company. Are you okay over
there? I should feel really good. And I want Steve Levy, um, got on this. I don't know who
put the, you know, the bulk of the physical work in. Steve Levy made it with Nolan. I'm
obviously surrounded by a lot of people who care about me and I don't, I don't say that
enough. Um, that's nice. Thank you. All right. Have you got the chicken pox before, Jeff?
I did when I was like five golden. You're good. Um, see, am I going to, am I going to
get face aids? Nope. It's face herpes. And no, did you have chicken pox when you were
a kid? I did. So I'm good. Yeah. All right. Apparently you could potentially get to, well,
that's the neat thing. I just want to say this and then we'll bring up our guests because,
because our real guest is the face herpes that I have. So I want to introduce them too.
Should we, should we bring your face herpes out and talk to them for a while? Well, they're,
they've come out. That's what I think is kind of neat. It's like, cause it's like, that's
why I think we like, uh, uh, uh, Ridley Scott's alien movie is because, uh, you know, it resonates
that gig air, like stuff that parasitic, like something's bursting out of you. Um, uh, these
are, when you had chicken pox when you were a kid, you know, you mostly like got rid of
them out of your system. Like you basically killed most of them, whether you got vaccinated
or, or had them, same difference. But, uh, they, they, there's, there's like bands of gorilla,
GUER, gorilla, like, um, uh, the same virus, like it gets, it, it, it, it hides in this
certain kind of nerve cell. I don't know why that nerve cell makes it possible for them
to stay alive, but asleep. And so they just hang out. And if your immune system gets low
enough, basically it's like your immune system is always on patrol. And I imagine these things
poke their head out once in a while and get beat the fuck down. And then, so if you assume,
if you're, I, I was talking to, uh, Julianne Smolinski, who I hope doesn't mind saying outing
her as someone who's also had this, she said that a bunch of TV writers have had it. Like,
like, like, it's like a vitamin D deficiency, kind of like, shlubby disease.
Should, should we get all these star burns audio podcasts together and have a shingles
party? Like, where we all, we all expose ourselves to.
But it's kind of neat because it's like, it's a disease that you cured when you were a kid.
It's like the same virus hid in one type of cell, which is your nerve cell. It's not like
a nerve disease. It's a virus that could only hide in that type of nerve cell. And that's
why it only ever happens on one side of your face or body. That's how my doctor like figured
it out right away. And you can actually trace the cranial nerve path that mine are on. I'm
lucky because they're on my face. You get them on your back, you get them on your leg,
you don't notice them for two weeks. I'll take the back.
Yeah, but if you don't notice them, then you get those, that belt of blisters and stuff.
Oh, yeah. Because I did a little research and people get a big band of it on one side
of their body. Yeah. But these, these little guys, they wake up and girls, you're welcome.
You are so shingles woke. Take it back, babies. They, they, they wake up in these nerve cells
and they go, Oh, shit. I think this guy's either 60 or living in Nicaragua and drinking
like lead water, maybe Detroit and like, like, he's down for the count. It's let's, let's
make a break for it. Red Rover. And, and, and, but they're, they're stuck on these nerve
paths and they, they, they go straight for the surface of the skin. They're like, let's
cause chickenpox again. So basically like, you can't give shingles to anybody. You can
only give shingles to yourself. Shingles are a, a kind of like a sequel to chickenpox
that you get because your immune system gets so low that the Riddler comes back to fuck
with Batman, you know, like even though he was like beaten in the first movie, I'm not
going to contract this by being in bed with you. The only thing you could possibly get
is if you were chickenpox free as a kid for some reason, if you were like a boy in a bubble
and they let you out. And then so you didn't have chickenpox ever. And you were next to
me when my head exploded with these gross blisters, which they've already done and they're finished.
But if two days ago you had rubbed your forehead on mine, you would have gotten chickenpox.
I've already given you crabs just by being here for the last 10 minutes.
And I've gotten bored of myself. Am I right, people? Let's bring up our, who applauded that?
We all did. America did. That's that Schrab. I'm going to Schrab.
No, I don't think it was. No, it was Schrab. Let's just believe it was.
Oh, by the way, Schrab, we're going to, we're going to, we're going to take Schrab to Boston.
I, you know, there was a huge outcry. I think about seven people retweeted him. It's just
too much pressure from, from, from the seven people that, that, that, that he pretends
to be when he changes accounts and so. And I just want to say that's a really generous
thing that Schrab did to invite, to invite himself.
Wait, you're accusing Schrab of, of making up false accounts so he can, he can.
Get a free trip. Blast us.
No, no, no, no. Let's not talk about finances right now. Let's bring up our guests.
Like, you know, these two, like, I'm not gonna, I was just listening to their original podcast.
You know, like, you know, we're in our 300s or something like that and it makes us feel
like we should quit. Like, these, these guys have been doing podcasting since 2005.
Like, they, I think, unless there's something about their episode codes that I'm not understanding,
they're like in their mid 2000s.
Is that right?
On their original podcast, which is Keith and the Girl, right? Let's, let's just bring
them up and, and we can ask them all of the questions that I don't know.
I kind of want to stay in bed because of the blanket and my wool suit. I'm roasting in here.
It's really warm.
Well, I, you, you do what you want. I'm going to, let's, let's bring up, I want to make
sure I don't fuck up their names, but let's bring up our new friends, Keith Malley and
Hemda Khalili.
All right.
Hemda and Keith.
Oh yeah.
Hi, Keith. Hi, Hemda.
Jeff, can you shake his hand for me?
It's, I know, you know, it's weird. Is it changes my behavior too? Well, you know, you have
a scab on your forehead and you have, like, I feel like I owe people, I have to tell people
I have shingles.
Like, normally you'd be in a three-piece suit and.
Well, normally I'd at least shake hands or hug or whatever anyone else wanted to do.
But like, it changes my behavior because I don't know what people's relationship with
the word shingles is. And then you meet someone and they say, I have it. All right.
Our relationship is now Dan Harmon.
Yeah.
Anyways, I met you guys awkwardly rolling out of an Uber with a gallon of green tea and
a bag of hard boiled eggs.
And 25 eggs. I thought it was funny how Jeff asked you, so it's not contagious. Is it
too bad that I'm here after the fact? And then, no, I don't think so. That's good enough
for me.
Yeah.
That's, that's how we try to have safe sex in 2018, right?
You're good right?
I'm good.
I'm good. Okay.
I mostly made a frenet broncher right now. I don't think viruses can live in the horrible
caustic environment of my blood system.
I mean, the only thing that you could do is, I mean, that's, I agree with you. Like, nothing
really that lands on me can really set up shop there. Like, they'll be like, what the fuck
is this Irish rock garden?
When you first saw it, did you think, oh great, another blackout? Or do you really think it
is medical?
I thought that because I had a massive head, not massive, massive for a writer, a head wound.
I had a blackout kind of weekend at Tribeca. And I, so I thought, I thought that what happened,
was that since I couldn't remember how I had injured my head, and then I had this, like,
I started feeling this pain going down half of my face. And I was like, oh, I guess since
there's no such thing as coincidences, I must have like passed out and smacked my head on
the nightstand and maybe just slept there like a, like a cartoon drunk for an hour or
a real life drug.
A cosmological thing that could have happened.
Yeah, I was like piecing it together. I was like, maybe I, maybe I like fell down, slept
on something weird that the hotel staff doesn't wash as much as the pillowcases or something.
And then it just, then I could see, I looked close to the mirror after I got back to LA
and I was like, no, there's something blooming.
And then I,
That's good news. Like for a split second, do you think, man, maybe I do have to quit
drinking.
Right.
Oh, shingles.
Yeah, for a while I started thinking, oh, I got shingles on my head too. And the doctor's
like, no, you fell down drunk. I looked at your head wound very carefully. And I wanted
to make sure it wasn't shingles on your head. It's not. You're an alcoholic.
So what's the prognosis? Like it just drifts away after time. You're taking medication
for this?
Yeah, I'm one of the lucky ones. You'll never hear a shingle story this fortunate for most
people because if you don't catch it in time, it can be a solid. My friend, Julianne, had
it two years ago.
She said it was for 19 days. It's like two weeks-ish, 20 days. And if it just runs its
course, which it just will, for a lot of people, you get this like neuralgia, I think that's
what it's called. It's like this deep nerve pain that can last for two years because of
the damage it causes coming out.
Have you ever spoken so sexy from bed?
This is sexier. Why do I think that?
I mean, I'd be remiss to that. Either of you guys want to spend some time in here, but
I don't-
It looks more comfortable than this seat. I'm going to give it a go.
Okay, come on in.
I'm going to take off my shoes because I'm not an animal like Jeff, but we're not judging.
It's a safe space.
I am an animal. You're right about that.
I feel especially in the Akia blondewood futon.
I'm one of those people for whom it's more rude to take my shoes off because of how gross
my feet are.
And Hemre, you came in wearing kind of what amounts to a blanket already. You came already
bedded.
Yes, I understood what this podcast was about.
So you guys have been at it since 2005.
Yes.
Like you were podcasting before. Maybe they even had a word for it.
Honestly, yeah. There was still the iPod and there wasn't a category on iTunes for it.
Why? How do you keep doing it? Because I was listening to your most recent episodes on
the way here and you clearly, I don't know how you started energy-wise, but you seem
very happy to be doing it still and very good at it.
I do have a dream to take back. We have a premium program where you hear all our shows
where you can hear everything from 13 years ago.
So I want to take that first show and redo it and not tell anybody.
Just like act like it's like an adaptation, like a Gus Van Sant remake.
You're so polished for the first show.
You guys do sound polished though. You sound like you have the right amount of radio people
in you.
I'll take right amount.
Thank you.
Like you're not, it would be an insult, I think, to podcasters to say you sound like
radio people.
Right, but I get it. I'll take it. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But I mean, it's like you guys are professional is what I mean. You sound like you don't do
what I do and just have people on and just talk over them.
But how great is that though? To be able to just, what am I wearing today? Who gives
us a shit?
Like how fun that is.
How much do you guys plan your...
We plan probably at least three hours for an hour show.
So you get, always right before it, you have a meeting in the middle of the week.
We get together three hours before the show to prep for that with our producer Andrea
and a couple interns sometimes and then they prep us for the guest and also news and then
I have to fight with Keith about how many rape cases we have to talk about on the show
that day.
There's a lot.
He's fascinated by weird stories.
These are just Keith's open rape cases.
I'm like, listen, what do we think?
What's the...
What's Keith's angle on those cases?
He's just...
I am not pleased. That's my catchphrase.
It's his version of me too. He's just like, I'm giving them all the attention.
Oh, is it really more like that? Is it like, hey, did you hear about this monster so and
so or is it like a true crimey kind of thing?
I think when the story is so amazing, I have to tell it.
But then it's sad news.
It's a woman got into the wrong car.
The worst thing happens.
She gets into another car for help.
I'm like, I don't know.
I wish somebody told me the story.
And then he looks at me and goes and we're a comedy podcast and I'm like, I'm supposed
to find the funniest thing about this rape story that you just told me.
Yeah.
Then I say, good luck.
I say, go.
Forgive me for not knowing what your show is because I don't listen to a whole lot of
podcasts.
What is the...
Well, the one we should be plugging is the one that said Star Burns.
Yeah, who cares about Keith and the Girl?
So we also started because five days, five shows a week wasn't enough.
We started my opening line and that's where we talked to artists and comedians about
the very first humiliating times on stage.
Okay.
Oh, so that's not the one that's been going since 2005.
The one since 2005 is Keith and the Girl.
That's five days a week.
It's mostly a comedy show, but we will talk about Cosby being found guilty, this kind
of thing.
Yeah, that was fun, wasn't it?
That was...
It was fun.
So he's a hero when you're a kid and then also you find out he's been a villain since
we were kids.
Right.
And I was talking to a handleburst, the person that did the stand-up that got everything
started.
Yeah.
And by the...
And hooray for him on that one.
Hooray for him.
He doesn't like it though because he's afraid he's being seen as that's the person when
meanwhile he has jokes, but I'm like, you're a superhero.
You'll get your jokes in there.
I don't know.
I think it would be great to...
It's not his favorite thing to be associated directly with that.
Yeah, but...
Yeah, I can imagine.
But he still provided a service.
Yes.
And all this teaches too is that, yes, when you're at a comedy club, record the show.
You don't know what they're going to say, right?
If some asshole wasn't there with their phone...
Jeff, can't tell if you're serious or not.
I honestly don't know if I am or not.
I just saw the big sick.
Yes, we wouldn't know if Kramer was racist.
Right.
I watched the big sick and you know, the guys do a stand-up and then there's a heckler in
the audience.
Well, long story short, they fall in love.
What am I learning?
Heckle, take out your phone.
Do whatever you want.
Yes.
You don't want to know.
Do what you want.
This is off topic, but you took out a light bulb in New York in your hotel and then smashed
it on the ground.
Thank you for listening.
Did you ever find out why your brain did that?
No.
Do you think maybe it was the beginning of the herpes virus, making me do things?
You think so?
You think your herpes was like talking to you?
I want to give myself the benefit of the doubt, or rather, I should say, the reason I say
I did it on purpose is because I don't want to let myself off the hook and say, oh, I
slipped.
But because here's what I definitely did on purpose.
I looked at a light bulb bulb cover and I was like, huh, and I just wanted to pull it
off.
Wow.
What was fascinating about the light bulb?
I wanted to see how easy, does that just come right off?
And it did.
It just pulled it off.
You're talking about the casing that enclosed the bulb.
Like a globe of glass over the bulb to make it a little softer.
And I was like, oh, it's keeping that on, just not being pulled?
Your own curiosity is the only thing that keeps it on there.
Lack of curiosity keeps it on.
When he tells you stories, is it tempting to say, were you drinking, or do you just
have to?
No, because Dan and I live in a state of half inebriation.
Sometimes he asks, were you sober?
If it gets confusing, like if it's a story about me finding my car keys.
Our friend Greg Proops severed a tendon in his thumb by doing the exact same thing.
He was in London and pulled the...
Does he have shingles too?
No, not that I'm aware of.
It might be in his back.
Yeah.
We'll have to check.
A bulb went out and he tried to pull the casing off and the glass shattered.
But the bulb went out.
That's like half a reason to do it, right?
That's a full reason.
It is a full reason.
I did the math on it.
I still would have called somebody and said, hey, would you do this one?
Well, I'm Polish.
I would have called two people.
We just went back to 1980.
How many Polish people does it take to tell this joke in 2018?
That guy you can hear in the back is Rob Schrab.
Don't worry about him.
The...
He should just be lafmiked over there, because he's in a row.
I wanted to think that because we all evolved from the same amoeba, basically, and then
like, even though we branched off, like we...
That there's some part of us that's similar to the moth when we get that drunk that we're
just like...
That that's why drunk guys do what a moth would do if it had hands, which is just fuck
with a light bulb.
Yeah.
A dantel flame.
You're in a hotel room.
Take it.
What's that?
You're in a hotel?
Yeah.
Yeah, there's also a lack of permanence in hotels.
Well, it's also a mystery too.
None of this exists.
All the light fixtures work.
Do you really?
Yeah.
Well, when you first get a new place, you don't and remember all the business that you have
to go through when that first light goes out in that first room and you're like, what
the fuck?
How does this flower work?
Okay.
Yeah.
You're like...
In a hotel, it's all your first day.
Yeah.
And you're like, what the fuck?
What's this thing?
Okay.
So that makes sense.
But then you have it in your hand.
Now you want to smash it.
I don't...
I want to say I didn't like...
Because that seems so juvenile.
You want to say a lot of things.
But...
In my hand, how do I get it out of my hand?
You wanted to hear it smash.
You wanted to see how it smashed.
You wanted to see what you can get away with.
It's a new place.
How did the floors work?
There's two things that cause me rage in hotel rooms.
I'm in a hotel a lot because they do travel comedy gigs.
Humblebrag.
No.
That is a humblebrag.
Some of you might just be in hotels sometimes.
I'm in them a lot.
The TV remotes never work.
You have to fight with the TV remotely constantly.
And then when you shut the door and you got to do not disturb, I always put the do not
disturb thing on because I don't need the housekeeping to come every five seconds.
Because if I want to come back under there, every time you shut the door, thing flies
off.
Like make it so that it stays on the door knob.
I'm glad we talk about the real issues on this show.
Yeah.
We're not afraid to...
Maybe tackle the real shit.
It's true.
I got a little nervous as you were talking, but I'm back on board now.
As captain...
Right.
As captain, fantastic.
Let me tell you the greatest thing I can do with my stretchy arms.
I can put on the do not disturb sign and slink right back in as it closes.
I'm not talking about that.
It usually stays on when it goes back because the air sucks it back in.
It's when you leave and you open the door and when it shuts, it wants to...
There's something about leaving.
They could come up with something better in the brainstorming sessions that they spent
trying to come up with new ways of saying do not disturb.
Yeah.
Like, I'm a lotus.
Let me bloom.
What the fuck are you talking about?
It's like trying to figure out which is the men's room in a fucking art gallery.
What do you mean, Picasso's?
What is that?
Yes.
I'm shingling in here.
I just pictured you looking for the bathroom and you're like, fuck it, you take your dick
out and people start pointing.
I don't know why I'm sorry.
Maybe it's the shingles.
What is the origin story of your friendship between you and Keith and Hemda?
We don't talk about it.
Yeah, we don't.
But it's working out and that's what matters.
Are you friends?
We are friends.
We try to be.
I'd say we're friends.
Yes.
I mean, how long have you known each other?
What's your backstory?
I think we've known each other for like 15 years now.
We met at an open mic.
It was a weird open mic where you got to do literally anything for eight minutes.
So we've watched someone, you know, drink their own urine or, you know.
Joy.
That is the weirdest.
Now everyone's going to wonder for the rest of their lives if this was the worst written
sketch.
That's what he looks like when you have shingles.
Yeah.
Wait till you go for the eggs.
He pulled up a jug of what he's choosing to call green tea.
It says green tea.
Well, it might be green pea.
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
That's how you met, but it's weird that I pulled up a container of urine.
Enjoy.
Yeah.
So yeah.
Oh yeah.
One time we saw someone at that open mic.
Dripping period.
Blood and drawing with it.
Oh, he's good.
He's good.
That would have been.
What was that?
You trying to flimax him?
Yeah.
Okay.
You care.
You can't shake him.
I see that.
When Dan gets a green tea, hankering.
He's.
I'm also a terrible listener.
So we'd have.
Yeah.
So somebody drank their own pee on stage and you thought, let's do a podcast.
Well, he was doing stand up and I was singing and then I was half offended by his jokes,
but I love that he was, you know, going for it.
And so I spoke to him after one of his sets.
We started dating shortly after.
And yeah, don't, don't fist pound that.
No, no, no.
Are you still?
Fuck.
No, bro.
Fist pump.
All right.
Everything that happened.
So it's cool.
It's just cool.
So she broke your heart and you couldn't.
And you decided to keep your phony baloney relationship alive via podcast.
Yes.
Yeah.
Actually, I think we, we would have broken up a year before we did, but the podcast
I think kept us together.
And then you were like, wait, let's keep the thing that works.
Yeah.
Cause I was like, oh my God, I hate you for 23 hours, but then for that one hour of podcasting,
you're super fun.
But the math wasn't adding up.
So we had to break up.
All right.
I, I keep wanting to ask, I don't, I don't know how many more times I'm going to say
your name, but I, and I know you have to have this conversation every time, but I just,
I'm just curious what your, what is your take on the, how much, how much do, do, do you
prefer being put behind the CH?
Like how do you, how do you say your own name?
Hemda.
So you go for it.
But, but, but, but if I, if I do that, I feel it's, say it, say it, say my name.
Hemda.
Like it feels like I'm doing like a character.
Say it again.
Hemda.
How does it feel now?
It felt still weird.
Go back to when you were five.
Hemda.
No, dad.
Not with the buckle and now say, Hemda, how does it feel now?
Oh good.
It's like, it's like a crackerjack and apple pie.
I've been saying Hemda and I'm wrong.
It's, it's got a hug in it.
It's got a hug.
Got a hug.
Yeah.
All right.
You were born in Israel, but raised in New York since you were four.
Yes.
Really?
This is why we broke up.
He's the worst listener.
And your eyes are hazel.
What you, you, you had a whole, you've got, you have a whole singing thing.
I did some singing.
Yeah.
That's all I know is singing things.
Like you have an album in addition to, like you, you, you, you've done backup on other
like people's stuff.
I've collaborated with people on world music and dance music and all kinds of different
things.
There's probably one of the most, I don't know which, it's popular in different genres,
but conjure one, which was from delirium, which is world music.
Some people know that in the.
With Poe and Shineto Connor.
Oh yeah.
I was on an album with Poe and Shineto Connor.
Does it, can you tell I feel weird talking about this?
It's like the, I just.
She's an amazing.
You're talking to a man drinking urine and eating eggs out of a sack.
No, that's why she doesn't want to come off too pretentious.
You don't want to, you don't want to take it too seriously.
Right.
Okay.
Let's put it in this way.
She's been a lot of hotel rooms.
So she did pretty well.
Are you guys kind of like in your partnership as far as like your dynamic?
Are you, are you, do you think of yourself as more of the.
The will they won't take kind, right?
Right.
The, the, the, does she bring in the, is there a, is there a contrast?
Are you like, are you like, bro and down and fist bumping and, and she's like mother
Gaia like, like, like trying to make you more likable or.
Yes.
Yeah.
She's more, she's definitely more spiritual.
She's definitely deeper.
She thinks people that everybody has good qualities.
He thinks that's weird.
Do you think everybody has good qualities?
I think, I think.
I think that nobody has good.
I go through, I go through those phases, you know, like I'm not in that phase right
now, but when I'm, when I'm down, I don't even think anyone has any good qualities.
Like I, but then when I'm, when I'm relatively stabilized, like or up, I feel like everybody's
the hero of their own story.
Like there's no such thing as a bad person.
But you think everyone's stupid.
That's me, like pretty down.
Like, I mean, when I'm, when I'm up, I'm like, well, what's stupid, you know, like, what
is that?
Like, like, like who says that guy over there eating a brick is like smarter than me or
dumber than me.
Like maybe he's a genius at brick eating.
Like I kind of, I don't really feel dumber than, you know, some people about other stuff.
I do see some people talking to themselves in New York, you know, just having conversations
with nobody across the street, you know, and then responding.
And I go, what if they're right?
What if they see something that we don't see?
And what if there is a person over there?
And over time and become like, I can, I can relate to them because I do a lot of talking
to myself at home and I think it's just me having fun and doing voices.
But no, I'm crazy.
I sing and rap and talk while I make a sandwich or take a shower like I'm, I'm, I'm only
a paycheck away from being the guy in the street who's rapping on the street corner.
That's why you wear a tie.
You're trying to fool everybody.
My suit is the only thing holding me up.
Yeah.
Cause not to be glib about it, but like if they're homeless, then that's the, you know,
they're going to do a couple of things that you do it in your own home, like out on the
sidewalk.
But I don't think that's the real reason why someone's talking to themselves on the
That's like, that's they're singing in the shower.
I think they're, I think they're mentally ill.
And I get myself into, into a person that if I were homeless and out of work, then I
would probably be a guy that was making a lot of noise out in the street.
Like I, for different reasons, maybe or maybe not.
I don't know.
Yeah.
If I wasn't worried about like, oh man, I hope someone reads my screenplay and I don't
want to, you know, like I, once I was committed to homelessness, yeah, I'd be like, I'd,
yeah, I'd be like talking about it a lot.
I'd be like, this is great.
Like like, or this sucks or look at me like, like, what are you, what are you eating over
there?
It looks stupid.
Like a nice dog.
How do you know when you're finished?
That kind of stuff.
Like heckling.
Right.
I'm just mad about you right now as every homeless person watching you being in a comfy
bed that someone brought you because talking about how I'd out homeless them.
I wasn't saying I'd do it better.
I saw, I saw, you know, this is the freakiest thing I ever saw when I, when I was a, when
I was like younger in Milwaukee, I was like a 20 something, like, you know, I think about
this all the time too, even when I hear people that are like, you know, like, that I get
like, oh, you're so stupid, like you're fucking Nazi on Twitter or whatever.
Like, I remember being like, like, I just thought all homeless people were like bums
that didn't, couldn't get it, that were like, like, oh, I don't want to get a job.
So someone give me some money, like, and I remember talking to this, this, uh, the friend
of mine, like, who was a comic and she was like doing some volunteer thing for homeless
people.
And I made some comment and she's like, what the fuck is that?
What are you talking about?
What do you think homeless people are?
And I'm like, I don't know.
They're like people that don't have jobs and stuff.
She's like, they're mentally ill people that don't have a support system.
Like, do you know what schizophrenia is?
You know, there's a kind of like, blew my mind and like, but before that, I was still
an adult and still a smart and still thought that I was right about everything and it just,
it's not like she was an encyclopedia or showed me anything.
It was just like one person going like, you moron, like, you don't even know what these
things are because you don't even think about them.
And then when I moved to LA, one of the first things I saw that freaked me out because in
Milwaukee, all the homeless people die off like once a year, they break into everyone's
cars and just die while they're trying to get warm.
And like mosquitoes, I was on the third steep promenade and there was this guy and he looked
like, he basically looked like Danny Trejo.
Like he was so like, prison tatted and like scary looking like he looked like he could,
he just looked like you would cast him as like a no nonsense, street lethal, like gangster.
And but he was like, he was just shrieking and like crying.
He was like, like, like he was, he was crying like a baby.
He was at, he was crying like, like, like somebody had taken his balloon and he was six years
old.
And I remember thinking, oh, he's probably like 22 years old.
Maybe he just started to like go, you know, like, like, like, like some chemical imbalance
is kicking in and he doesn't have a family that's like gonna, you know, say,
what do you do when you pass?
I support you.
Exactly.
I was like, you can see everybody like, what do you do?
You just, you have to treat the person like a ghost, you know, because you walk up to
somebody who's like, but it's weird to have this, like, they're not always just like talking
to a fire hydrant.
It's like the person was simply emoting, but, but it's funny how, how strict our standards
are for what you're supposed to be doing and feeling and how empathic we are.
We're like, oh, that guy's not supposed to be that sad about anything.
Like, nobody was looking around for his missing kid.
We knew he was crazy because, and I did air quotes for the people listening, like, because,
because we just knew immediately, but it's funny how like that amount of empathy results
in just like, we're like insects too, like we just go, oh, he's a dysfunctional aunt.
So like clear path and anyways, you look like you're probably gonna say something 20 minutes
ago.
I'm just enjoy this is so surreal.
I'm just, I'm like, oh, nighttime stories with Dan Harmon.
I was gonna say that I feel like a lot of people experience that in New York, like you,
you're constantly around people and we don't really have cars.
We don't have a car.
So we're riding in public all the time and you'll have these breakdown moments and maybe
more women than men because men's tear ducts are kind of blocked.
But fuck.
Yeah, bro.
I know.
With our hard dicks.
Yes.
With your very, very super hard.
Yeah.
Giant balls.
They carry those things.
In our tear ducts.
Yeah.
Maybe I see.
A lot of women don't know is that when we're not showing our balls, they're right up in
our tear ducts.
Oh man.
Keeping us from crying.
That clears up so much.
And when they're soft, we go to four hymns.
Oh, I thought you were playing the, I thought that was ad music.
I accidentally hit my iPad with one of my balls.
Sorry.
What were you saying?
So, so I think every woman I know has this story where she was crying on the train and
there's like different responses.
Most of the time, another woman will pass you a napkin or a tissue from her purse.
And that's it.
That's all you get.
It's like, we feel you.
Now, you know, shut that shit down by the time you get to the office.
Wow.
Yeah.
I get my phone number.
Like for help call.
We'll see.
Should we bring up?
When I was like, like when I was 10 or 11, I was in New York with my mom.
We were in a subway and like double A or whatever that one is.
And there was a guy that was ranting and raving about Reaganomics and trickle down and he
was screaming at everybody and nobody just gave him the time of day.
Everyone's reading the newspaper, looking at their shit, doing anything.
And he was screaming, screaming, screaming and pulled out a knife like a small knife.
Still nobody gave him the time of day.
Like, like he's not going to do anything.
But the moment he walked up to my mom and started screaming, all the men stood up.
They all put their newspaper down, like, OK, like you can bluster around me.
But like the moment he started doing that to a woman, they took out their knives.
We were here first.
You never alone.
I thought that I was going to turn out to be Alan Greenspan because he was raving about
economics.
All right.
Let's.
And that's why I broke the light bulb.
Thank you.
Yeah.
That was a good story.
I think I maybe just held it.
You want to crawl in there?
You want to make this a.
Do you ever get so drunk that, like, you just turn into a, you're just an animal.
That's right before you pass out.
Hopefully you're off the road, out of public, but you're just like, you have reduced yourself
to nothing but cortex.
So I think if I did break that thing on purpose, it was because I had been, that's what I had
achieved that state.
I was like, just looking at it like, like I was on an alien planet and wanted to know
how gravity worked.
Like I was like.
It feels good.
It feels like it would feel good.
I remember, I remember my emotional response to it shattering and going like, I just stood
there and then I remember going, huh, but it was more like, it wasn't about the thing
because it did exactly what glass is supposed to do when it breaks, but I was looking at
myself and going, huh.
That's what I do with my time.
Broken person.
You can just drop a human being from even, even, even the height of comfort and privilege.
And it'll just, it'll just like, it just shatters.
Like what I'm just, I just, it was like I pulled myself out of like, because I have nothing
to, because I had nothing to be upset about.
I, I did this thing.
I think that's why rock stars like trash hotel rooms, because it's like you just, you can't
manage all of the, everything's fine.
Oh, here's another thing that would make me want to trash your hotel room is when I've
spoken about it before, when they ornamentally put the, the Kleenex, like in a little beautiful
lotus shape, you know, and then you take those out because those have been handled and folded
into origami by the person who presumably had been cleaning up somebody else's poop.
Uh, like no offense to the housekeeping industry, which is a noble, uh, wonderful, uh, profession.
You take that out.
So where the offense would have came from.
And then.
No offense, poop handlers.
And we need that.
And we take out the lotus blossom with five or to 12 Kleenexes and that's all of them.
And then you fucking throw it out and you'd have no Kleenex now, except the ones that
have been origami into sadness.
Speaking of Kleenex, let's bring to the stage, uh, uh, he's performed for clubs and colleges
all over America, uh, Rob Schrab, Rob Schrab, uh, uh, he looks pissed off.
This doesn't bode well.
Haven't they got out of the bed like it's like the couch at Johnny Carson where she
had to move down to the, uh, to the panel.
I want to give everyone a chance.
Why don't you get in bed?
Get Sped Shrek.
Hello, Dan.
Hello.
Should I get in the bed like Lolly gets into the bed with Kate and I?
That's it.
Does she go under the covers?
Yeah.
Ah, go deep.
Go deep.
Yeah.
That's Nigel.
Except night.
I find it hard to believe your job does this pretty much wraps butts right in Dan's face.
I really didn't do that right, did I?
No, you didn't get the wrong answers.
It's really hot in there, right?
He looked over at Kendo like, wow, New Yorkers are prudes.
Like Nigel, Nigel does this, does it, but he doesn't, he, the way he digs is with both
front paws in unison.
So he like, oh really?
Yeah, it's kind of funny.
Also he's, he's back to full health now because he, he humped the fuck out of Harvey today.
Does he know that that's not going to go anywhere?
He's not doing it, he's absolutely doing it when, when they play fetch and Harvey gets
the ball, he waits for Harvey to come back with the ball and then he humps him and then
he like, he just like finishes, he does an orgasm, but he finishes dominating him and
then he does this like hind leg like cat, cat, cat kind of burying a turd kind of move.
Like he scrapes dirt, phantom dirt at Harvey.
That's him spiking the football?
Yeah.
You just grate your giant so you get the ball whenever you want, but guess who, guess who
gets the phantom fuck you?
So when you went into the doctor and he opened the door and you're sitting, you know, in
the robe and everything and you just pointed at your forehead, did it, did it take a look
at it a long time and then went, oh you got this form of herpes, it's shingles?
Yeah, well he, at first I told him about, I was like, look, I fell, but I think I also
got a rash from like a New York pillowcase or something.
Is that what they call them now?
And he like zoomed in on the rash.
A New York pillowcase is when you poop on somebody's chest.
Yeah.
I guess my doctor's really good or sees a ton of people with shingles because he was just
like, I talked to him for like 10 seconds, I have, I have, I always record my doctor
sessions in case he says something that I need to remember later.
And the, the audio file from me walking, from him walking in, not me walking him, but him
walking in to see me, to me walking out the door and remembering to hit stop, five minutes
and seven seconds.
And the guy like, like, boom, he like, I was like, I said a couple things about what, what
I was thinking.
I was all over the place.
He's like looking at me while I was talking and he's like, you know what, worst case scenario,
shingles, let's treat it like shingles because that's the worst.
We got to treat that right away.
If that's what it is.
If it's something else who gives a fuck, when did he say herpes?
He never said the word herpes.
I had to find that out online.
It's post herpetic something, right?
I had the same thing.
I had, I was on a bad flight like back from San Francisco and it was like, like going
like over the intercom, like the stewardess was like, people just sit down, just sit down.
You know, that's how bad it was.
And I was just like holding on, holding my breath the entire time.
And when I got off the plane, I had like this rash that was grew above my, my eyelid.
And I went to the doctor and he looked at it and he was, oh, you got herpes, roster,
zoster, zoster.
Zoster, yeah.
That's shingles.
Yeah.
I can't believe he called it that.
But, but I went, what, herpes, no, I mean, what, I mean, like, that's impossible.
Yeah.
Why do they give shingles such a fun name?
I guess we're finding out why.
You know, but, but he said it like, oh, that's herpes and that guy and the, and what he should
have done was not the kind you think of, because that's the only kind anybody thinks of.
They don't think of it.
Right.
Is this the kind I have to say on dates?
Yeah.
So, you know.
That was his moment for that day to get some excitement or something.
Yeah.
He needed a response.
But, but he didn't like, you know, so I was like, but it, what, I didn't rub my head on
a thing that gives you the herpes I'm thinking.
And, and he was, and he was like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's, let's do wear one
of the pussy hats though.
Not one of those.
That's why they made those pussy hats.
So Keith Hymda, try to do it, to try to natural one there, Hymda, Keith more of a cut on it.
I noticed that.
How do you do it?
Kick.
No, how do you say her name?
Hymda.
And then now you say it.
See, it's different.
He puts more of a cut.
He was born in a different place.
I'm finally getting it right.
Took 13 years.
You guys ever, you guys ever have a fight in all those thousands of episodes?
Yes.
Like, like, I mean, like, like, like a bad one, not like it's, oh, this is such provocative
entertainment because they disagree so much, but like you fight and it's like, shit, they're
like pissed.
Yeah.
What was it called?
That there's the first one that we had, we don't bring up old fights.
I don't know.
He, he shed it off in the middle.
He's like, well, now we're really fighting.
I was like, but we do everything else on air, so just turn it back on and let's finish.
And it was, it actually helped because a lot of times he'll just stare at me when I'm,
when I'm trying to argue with him and it's like, how boring is that and how much, like,
how far he can go.
She has all the points anyway, you know.
Yeah.
And he just really just literally stares.
But if, if he's in front of a mic, he can't stare.
So he was forced to respond to me.
Are you in new relationships now or is this still like, are you, oh, no, this is like
10, 10 years ago.
She's married now.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Yes.
Whereas Keith is holding on to this for dear life.
Who knows?
You just live the universe will give what the universe gives, right?
It's going to all be the universe fucking with me.
Keith, do you think there are good and bad people?
Yeah, of course.
Like what do you think is responsible for that?
Do you think they're boring, good and bad or do you think it's their, they just get
the luck of the draw and they're no better.
A lot of it starts with, you know, it just is what it is.
And then you, you take your personality, whichever way you want, you realize people
need help and you're here to serve or you don't and you're selfish.
I think it's that simple.
I think.
So we're being tested every day in big and small ways to like, like usually we can get
by by probably not like doing too much of an extreme choice.
But basically there are people who are like, you know what, it's, it's been three Wednesdays
in a row since Mercury's in retrograde and I'm just going to kill this dog with a knife
first, something like, like, like, like, like, I guess that's a bad example because it sounds
like a compulsion that someone would have example.
I feel like I missed the step.
I'm trying to think of like, because I don't know if I, I think it's like being healthy.
I think everybody prefers to be in shape, but they don't want to do the work.
Yes.
You know, they don't want to exercise.
They don't want to eat healthy.
But if they did, they would look better and probably feel better.
And I think that's what it's like to be, I think when you're bad, when you're evil,
when you're being lazy, and when you're being good, you're actually putting some effort
into life.
Yes.
I don't know.
I have a problem.
I mean, I don't have a problem.
You guys are allowed to think that way because I'm a good person.
But I just, I just feel like then I, but then I start to like micro scope that and go, well,
yeah, but if I'm, if I'm lazy and then I decide to start working out, like, okay, now I feel
like I'm a good person because it was harder to do that than it was, but it's still what
I felt like doing.
I mean, you get it.
I guess it gets into that whole stupid philosophical, like, free will versus fate thing.
I mean, like, if my brain chemistry is going to result, are we onto some synaptic level
making fucking choices?
Like, and it's like this, like, if I'm like, if Kate says, hey, let's go for a hike, I
go, like I'm there, and then, but if I go, I, I'm walking and I'm having a good time
and it's nice.
And then I go, I'm glad I did that.
I like doing that.
That's fun.
I always say, what if she says, whenever I go, I go, I go, I go, I go, I go, I go, I
go, whenever she says, let's go for a hike.
So the next time she says, let's go for a hike, I know this time I'm not going to do
that noise.
But do you do it anyway?
I do it anyway.
All right.
Yeah.
I kind of like, maybe, maybe good and bad is maybe the way I can buy into it is, is healthy
and unhealthy.
Like, we all get depressed.
We all get like, and, and so, or like, it's like a sink full of dishes, like nobody wants
to do the dishes, but like, you don't, it's not like, oh, this battle of, it's just sort
of like, like, I don't know, if somebody told you that eating a dog turd made you live another
50 years, you either, you either eat the dog turd or you don't.
And I don't think that makes you a good or a bad person.
But you, if you eat it and they were telling the truth and you live for another 50 years,
there might be all kinds of other side effects too.
Like, oh, the reason for that is because there's like an enzyme in dog turds that like also
like lifts your psychology or it's like, there's vitamin D in dog turds and all this stuff.
So along the way, you're gaining all these benefits and you're like thinking more clearly
and you're, so then, and then you're like, well, dude, I ate dog shit the other day and
I feel like a million bucks.
So then this homeless guy goes, hey, can I have two dollars?
And you're like, you know what, fuck it, here's two dollars and that Jim Carrey movie kind
of thing.
And you're like, so the whole time, it's like, it's like, you could, I think it's like, you
could, that's the way I look at it is like, there's people who are in, in like, they're
like resonating with the, they're like sick and there's people who are.
So yeah, he's kind of talking about that.
He eats is more black and white and I'm more gray on the show and off.
So for example, a close friend of mine, we actually were roommates with each other with
my husband.
What's that?
Bill Johnny.
You were close.
Yes.
Johnny.
You know, and he was, he was our roommate for a little while and we could sense that
he was the stress of life was starting to kind of skew his thinking and skew like his
response to life in general and to go into work and things like that.
And then we had to separate ways.
We were all moving and he got butt hurt about it and spray painted the entire house and
just let me be clear how bad the spray painting was, not only on all the walls, but like an
asshole in all the corners.
So when you repay, you have to repaint the corner.
Fuck you.
So, so it didn't happen hurt by painting before.
It's not good.
I'd rather eat dog shit.
I'm not exaggerating.
It makes you live long.
I'm hearing good things.
So his point was this guy is just bad news.
He's a bad person and, you know, no one should deal with him.
He should be locked up for however long and, and my thing is he should be spray painted.
His brain glitched and I should stay away from him for now, but I believe that he can,
he can find another path and become a good person until he does.
Keith is right.
Well, it's not about that.
It just is.
Yeah.
I remember, I've told this story before because like I broke up with a girlfriend or she,
she broke up with me.
So I was all fucked off about it and she was mutual friends with all my friends and like,
and then I was, I was just handling the breakup really poorly and I just like, I couldn't
stop thinking about her and all this stuff and I was just a drag to be around and, and,
and I found out that everybody was in Palm Springs without me and, and I was like, what
the fuck?
You guys don't even like me now.
You like her more than me and all this stuff and I was like, it's just having this terrible
day and, and, and my friend Dino said, look, I know we love you.
We just, it's, it's not a, it's not a bad, it doesn't make you a bad person if people
don't want to be around you.
It's like you have a cold.
It's like you have snot dripping out of your face.
Like we can't wait for you to get better.
And I was like, oh, oh, and then I was just like, yeah, okay, so I'm sick.
Like I have a sickness called like I, I hate myself and I hate my girlfriend and I hate
my friends and I hate everybody and I wish that, you know, it's like, it's just all sickness.
She had a sickness called forgetting to bring tense water and food to a camping trip.
Well, that's what you get.
Don't fucking choose her.
That's true.
I went to a hospital, a hospital, Jesus Christ.
I went to a hotel.
We heard.
We heard because I, I just didn't trust that camping would be fun with that group of friends.
And sure enough, they forgot to bring everything essential and they all had to like go back
on making fun of me for getting the hotel and they all came and stayed in my hotel jerks.
What do they think a camping trip is?
They think it's bringing tents and bringing food and water, but they forgot to do all
those things.
Oh.
They left it all back at home.
That sounds like the good drugs.
Yeah.
And I did the acid and found myself sitting on a rock in the moonlight talking to a rattlesnake.
We were wondering if you were homeless.
We were like, we'll support you.
What did the rattlesnake say?
Rattlesnake was being groovy.
I'm afraid of snakes.
I sat on a rock and the rock was talking to me.
Going on, Jeff.
Oh, it's a status.
And it was talking to me.
Did he tell you to eat the apple?
But I kept hearing a bug going.
Eat these apples.
It's a sketch.
It's a sketch, Davis.
You're in a thing right now.
You're in my thing.
Oh, yeah.
You should totally eat the apple.
Eat my nuts.
Is it a nut tree?
Eat my balls.
Eat my nuts.
Wait, is this the rattlesnake talking and sitting next to me on the rock?
Eat my nuts, Dan.
Why are you calling me Dan?
Sorry.
Okay.
This is a snake, not me.
Oh.
I'm afraid of snakes, especially poisonous snakes, kill you in the middle of the night
snakes.
And baby snakes are going to bite you first because they're not trained to kind of keep
it cool.
And they eat you from the toes up.
The snake is not going to eat me from the toes up.
Eat, they eat you from.
Did you see that elephant?
They got eaten.
I think you're dead by the time it starts eating you, though.
That's how they do it.
That's how they get you.
Yeah.
Start with the toes.
So you can't run away.
They have bugs in them.
And the rock is talking to me.
And look over, and now it's a rattlesnake.
A little baby rattlesnake sitting right next to me, I'm like, hey, little buddy.
You should move on.
And Mark Rivers comes up with a big floodlight, and he goes, Jeff, get the fuck out of there.
I was like, hey, man, I'm fucking high.
I was grooving.
I was groovedastic with a rattlesnake.
Next day it was not on acid.
And duck taped my pants around my boots.
because there were snakes all over the goddamn giant.
All right, I got one.
So you guys brought duct tape but not a tent.
Just wondering.
I came quite prepared.
There's a lot of ducts out in the desert.
A lot of people don't know that.
And then you can make tape out of them.
How ignorant of me.
Desert ducts are dangerous, the most dangerous.
The worst.
Because they're like, how the fuck did I end up out here
where I can't even use a third of my ability?
I can't even use a third of my ability.
Sketch idea, duck desert.
And damn it, I'm an all-terrain chicken.
What am I doing in the one place where I can't rub
that in the chicken's face?
All right, come on.
Here's the one thing.
How handsome is Jeff?
Yeah, it's too much.
He's good-looking.
But he's so handsome.
Let's move on.
Let's keep talking about it.
I got my eyes.
We're going to do the whole show about how good looking Jeff is.
DeMorge, you were asleep for a while there.
Were you not?
Oh, Jesus Christ.
DeMorge had passed out.
Spencer, see her.
Also, congratulations on Arsenal.
I'm curious, do you grow out your hair
and where your pajamas.
And it's like, you can't even get close to comparing me
to Jeff, because obviously.
Yeah, I mean, that's my only hope.
I'm not even trying to make it a contest.
Exactly.
He's a beautiful man.
And he was a beautiful child.
Stay under Jeff's bridge and charge to the toll
for whoever comes over it.
There's one thing now that my nervous system has jacked up.
I wasn't going to save this for a non-Shingles.
But now I can feel the herpes coursing through my fibers.
I just wanted to bring up one thing
and get to the bottom of it, Venetian blinds.
What the fuck?
Like, what is the fucking rule with what direction
to pull the fucking string in to make them stay?
Are you supposed to pull them to the left or the right?
You pull them inward at a diagonal angle
to have them go up and down, right?
And stay?
And then you pull it straight down for them
to stop.
It's like a hand job, kind of.
What if I want to pull my Venetian blinds up halfway
and lock them in place halfway?
What am I doing?
Yeah, so you pull diagonal until it's about halfway,
and then you would then swivel over.
Yeah, and then bring it, wheel it down so it's vertical.
What the fuck is up with this backboard?
Look at this shit.
I get three sticks.
He's got three sticks.
No wonder my back hurts.
The folks at home, the bed frame has three sticks
and a large hole for a pillow to fall through.
Yeah, it hurts.
They just assume we've got a wall.
I used the fact that I was hot to get out of there
because it was killing me.
He said he was hot, but it was really the three sticks.
Oh my god.
It did my homework.
Why is that even an option?
Do you want a backboard?
How about just the frame?
Not any of them.
Just the frame.
We've got to set this thing up before the show,
and putting the whole backboard up
is going to take some time.
Grown-ass adults were finally tackling
the intricacies of Venetian blinds and Ikea headboards.
How do you do you know how to work the fucking blinds
when you want to make them like, how about this?
Forget about how to lift them up and make them lock
because that's easy.
Suppose they're halfway up, and what you want to do
is very quickly, very quickly, because you've
got other things on your mind.
There's a reason you're going to close the blinds.
How do you release them, and they go all the way down
without stopping a quarter of the way down?
You pull them at a diagonal slightly.
You got to get after you do the diagonal,
you got to get a little lube.
Schrab is about to play a dreamditch.
Pull, you know, get some hymns.
I think Ken's the cutest.
Diagonal.
It's not intuitive, but once you get it down,
you're like, holy shit, am I a wizard?
If you look at the mechanism, if you look at the little sprocket
up there when you're doing it, it makes sense.
No, I will.
When you look at it, it does not make sense.
It just looks confusing as fuck.
Well, I'm an engineer.
Yeah, no.
Jeff's a genius, and I'm sure he understands it.
Don't get me wrong.
I come from a long line of levelers.
And nobs.
We changed our name to Davis during World War II
because levelers were also hoarding Nazi gold.
Are you an outdoorsman, Keith?
No.
I can play along for a little bit.
I enjoy, I do enjoy camping because you're doing nothing.
But no, I'm here in LA and it keeps running,
running in canyon and trying to get me to go.
And I go, ah.
I caught one of the conversations you were having.
It caught a little piece of you talking about the landmark.
Well, mind your fucking business.
Did you really go to the landmark forum?
Yeah, Landmark is this it's a group setting. It's a therapy, but group therapy
So and I do not believe these guys can do one-on-one therapy
But my ex-wife when she left me and Landmark pushed her to do it she paid for me to go to so I thought that was sweet
No, I've had that but I've never gone because it just seems like like you know, yeah
You get your two or three lessons you could have got anywhere else
It's upwards of a thousand dollars and then other lessons they throw in are how to stand up for yourself
For and they have us doing an example and in this example
I will say to you
Why don't you come to a Landmark seminar and you tell me no right and then I will keep trying to convince you
You keep saying no until you've given me a thousand yeah, that is you standing up for yourself
I remember a friend of several friends who told me about it and then I got like
I remember one of them is that oh, I do this Landmark thing and I said is that a cult and
You know the tea hadn't in cult hadn't come out of my mouth and she without anger like a well-trained like a
aquarium
Creature like like like just like that that that saw a glint of a herring spoon and knows exactly which hoops to jump there was like
Do what do you know what a cult is the definition of a cult is the following things and she ran through the entire definition of a cult
I was like, can I add one thing which is that you have a rehearsed like speech about whether you're a cult?
I think it's in their FAQs our guy no joke the guy leading the thing is like people are gonna ask you is it a cult and I'm like
All right, let me hear how you answer that. Well, then that's a cult. I want to be a part of
I mean we are totally unfair to cult is like the word hipster in terms of religion like we just we just use it for things that we
Don't like I mean we we just like oh, it's creepy or it's weird or we don't like it like we
I'll tell you the definition later because you could be a Mormon and talk about someone else's religion as if it's a cult
I remember when I was in like senior year of high school and I was like gonna go to Madison
We're gonna drive up to Madison and and parents are like why are you going to Madison? It's like, oh, I'm gonna go see this
Move this cult movie at midnight. It's gonna be cool and they sat me down
And I had they gave me this lecture about like how cults are bad and that it's against Jesus Christ
And we're really really upset. We really are concerned about what you're going to do why you want to see this
I'm gonna see the Toxic Avenger. What the fuck?
Are you serious Dave and Donna? That's what you think I'm gonna go see the Toxic of fucking Avenger at midnight at Madison
And you're worried about my immortal soul
So close to your mom movie
Well, they had been the see death race
2000 did you go fuck? Yeah, I went man. Did you join the cult? Yeah?
I bought the t-shirt and drank the Kool-Aid man. Did you buy the sneakers?
We're just I have been going to Buddhist temple
It's quite it's been quite good. Are you like it? Are you meditating and yeah, it's great. Yeah, are you Zen?
Yeah, yeah, it's going good. Is that why you shaved recently? What's that like?
To fit in with the monks. No, I'm bald. I know but it looks good
Thank you
It's like you you freshen you freshen it up. I freshened it up. How regularly do you go? Huh?
How regularly do you go? Oh, that's a good I've only gone once
So so you chill every last Monday
Okay, so they haven't done the thing yet where where the Buddhist monk comes out and he goes like now listen
that was all
free, but I
For the next hour. I want you to go out to the phones
I want you to call five people for every five people you get into Buddhism. You come back. I know that actually didn't happen
That's not what they did but the guy the leader the whatever the what the president that sits in the front
What is the president? What's the guy the president Buddha? No, no, no
Dale Buddha no
He's crazy the Bodhisattva like Jim Carrey type, you know, he would like oh, so we do Jim Carrey. We do this
We do this a little bit like he would be like so does anybody have any questions
He was
It's 9-eleven what's happening
It's every time you look isn't it it's too late it's actually 11 6 Steve Levy you think of everything
Not in front of the New Yorkers
It's a big joke to us out here wow we give all the shingles we do all the 9-elevens
Okay, okay. Hey, let me ask you guys this if you want to get out of this new bed some bugs
Right, right, right. I told my I told my landlord once. I'm like I'm very sure that I saw one bed bug
He's like oh, okay. You think I should call somebody
Like it's your place
I'm like it's your place should I should I call one exterminator
So Keith and Kimda that was the what at this point
Do we podcast for other people or for ourselves, why do you keep doing it since you've been doing it longer?
We're changing the road a little bit each time. We'll be done in two and a half years. Oh
We both both we
There's obviously just egomaniacs and haven't figured it out and as soon as we do we'll stop
There's a nerds to do it and also pays our bills
But you know obviously getting in letters about that sound almost like we save the person's life
That's beyond thrilling. So you're saying it's possible to do a podcast for years and years and make money at it. Yes
Wait a second. Well, we might need to look at this. I mean now that we're on Starburns. We're rich
Huh, wait a second
We'll be talking maybe I mean all I've gotten is underwear out of this and which is underwear
Huh, and me socks. I don't have any me socks and blue apron. We never give me a fucking anything
Well, that's because he didn't ask because they would if you wanted for a boner pill company
I don't need a boner pill company
Up your eyeballs and boner dick works and I'm fucking shilling prove it prove
Yeah, four hymns isn't about making your dick work. It's about making sure your dick doesn't stop working
Do you think I could fit under this bed? Yes. Yeah, no, definitely. I
Was it right? Oh
No, what happened at work today sweetheart
Oh, what do you guys do the bed and hurt himself really bad yourself? It's not like
They're not a sturdy frame. This is the opposite of stage diving
Now that you guys have a guest driven
podcast like what what do you have any pointers on like like how to do good interviews or
like like like is there anything to when you're in the when you're but
Is it I think it's about being present and you don't want distractions going on perhaps
So that you can have a real connection with the guest because it's like the word guest is like they're your guests
Like you want to treat them with respect and know that you know, you're there and they're gonna make your show
They're there for you. They're there for you as much as they are for them. Yeah, so just do do do unto others
Yes, just show that you care and that you respected their time
Right. Who is your favorite?
guest that you guys have ever had we had a guest that just
The chair was normal
That was a good time
That sounds really fun. How did that go? It went very well because then you can get to know them
They share what's happening on in their lives
You're you're saying something that you can relate to and you actually leave there. Everybody learn something
We'd be out of it. Right. And you're probably cementing
forming new relationships. You're forming new bonds. You're forming new bonds people
And I think that's the excitement and even after doing this for over 13 years
You still you still learn from each person you learn from new people when you open yourself up to new people
You can really learn a lot that you couldn't otherwise if you close yourself off
Yeah, and I'm not saying 44 is old but even at 44 you think all right
Did I meet every different kind of person and when you get people to open up you really didn't so you're my age
You're my age. You're actually
That means you've been doing this for so long. I'm not your age. I knew your age
And I wanted to get you to say it. Oh, I'm 32. Oh, Jesus. No, I'm 24. Oh because you would have been eight when
All right
Now Dan, yeah, are we worried about your drinking? Uh, I don't know. Okay. I mean I did all I can go ahead
Worry away if that's what you drunk. You fought like a line
Everybody everybody's got their own medicine for a lot of people worrying about my drinking seems to get them through the day I
Got my own methods
How's he doing under there? He's he's he's he's he's making some headway
literally I
Don't I don't want to check with him about what his goals were he I remember him saying do you think I can get under the bed?
I think I I think I got under. Yeah, he's definitely under. I got under the bed
Whoever uses the space I only I could get out. No, I don't think I could get out of the well
That's yeah, I don't you should have done that before you tried to go into the bed, Schrab. I think I'm stuck under the bed now
That might be okay. Did you find the honey?
Yeah, it's there any under there. I think I found the honey. Winnie the Pooh. Oh, okay
His way that poos. He's notoriously stuck under. Oh, he gets. Oh, yeah
He gets stuck in his little took us a stick and out of the
And then somebody puts a vodka bottle up his butt. It's like the same thing. Everyone's having a good time
I didn't think that was funny
You did right. Yeah, it's a different time. I'm pretty sure it was funny
Look at what you were wearing gross, right?
Sure, if you didn't want a giant kettle one bottle up your butt, you don't know that I
Just found out that my favorite children's book is there's a live adaptation of it happening somewhere in the area
Rancho Cucamuca, what's it called? Cucamonga?
Yeah, Ricky Tickey Tavi. No, that's not my favorite little puppy. Nope. That's not it
Dr. But see spot run. Nope. My favorite is the hard-to-get turtle. No, I
Guess that was a yeah, I love that one
With all those animals with all those turtles and colors hard to get and word problems and word problems
My favorite is Frederick by Leo Leonee boo. Oh, God
Jesus
My mom hated the hungry hungry caterpillar and she used to talk to other moms that were like my son's reading the hungry hungry
Caterpillar and she's like fucking hipsters. I
Like I was a good book, but you know, whatever I liked there's a monster at the end of this book
Oh, yeah, and it was you all along. No, it was Grover. Oh, I thought it was a mirror
Yeah, it was a mirror. Did you get like a used book and so I just drew Grover
His mom was a cheapy-peepie
Now the bed let's make fun of him
Hey, fuck you. Hey, fuck you. Hey, fuck you Dan you get under this bed with peepee her maiden name
We're just you go under that bed and say that to him get under. Yeah
Peepee long talking
No, this isn't your issue
No, no kids chemda. No, no, thank you
Too too much like
I don't want to bring them into this world or too much like responsibility like I still have to be a baby
I yeah, I can't even believe that I'm in my 40s
I I still want somebody to make me dinner and do the things
so I don't know why I would get up and also my brothers both had had kids and
And they both said it's so much more work than we thought and I was like, that's all mom and dad talked about that
We were just a big pain in the ass only there was a book on it
I like being a lazy uncle, you know
You get to buy impractical gifts, and you don't have to fucking hang out. I've never changed a poopy poops
Well, there's good people there's bad people right? I'm a bad person
I don't want the poops or the peas or the thing you should probably wait until you have an uncontrollable like oh my god
I got to have one and not that other feeling which is like, oh, I bet they're great
Yeah, I don't I never I think I got that because I was
Um, they were teaching me to want that so like at 18 I felt my clock ticking
But then when I turned 30, I was like, oh everything they said was bullshit, and then I just went about my day
It was great. What a revelation to realize that's like a nightmare so many lies
Yeah, you got a fucking hang out with them all the time, and what if they're a dick?
Yeah, I mean you don't even know for years, and then it's like too late to take it back
It's like crazy. There's no way you have a bad kid
There's no way that I would have a child and the child be just mellow, right?
And then they blame you yeah, and I would they would be right and I would want to not hang out
Yeah, always wearing a suit
Jeff's kid
This guy's cramp in my style trying to wear my suits, but you're not fucking tall enough for that shit
Yeah, you can't I'll be into Minecraft pretty heavily and then I'll be like thinking about the dog needing to go out
And I'm kind of like you know it's an animal I can hold it
You know and I'm like if you had a kid you never know way right, but then I think about
You know
Making a little Cody
You got the name. Oh, no my girlfriend's name is Cody and
And and you know you're not gonna get a little Cody you're gonna get a giant damn
Cody half fucking horrible shit monster everyone wants a girl
Yeah, that's true get a girl you have to like think about every true crime podcast you've heard and if you have a guy
You can just be like where you going? Oh, no. All right, fine. Let me tell you a rape story. I read what's that a rape story?
Yes, please get the least we can provide you with as a guest, please have a rape corner
You have your own segment here. It's deadly. What's the what's the latest one that you?
Do I'm sure this will be good
Welcome to Keith Malley
He was right, okay
So this kid thinks he has a relationship with his teacher because he's very mature
But no the teachers just using them and invites him over to his house and a sex with the child
Keith Malley. Oh Keith Malley
That really happened probably
How about that golden state which one of those characters was you Keith?
Don't worry. It happened. Do you guys not care about the Golden State killer getting caught because you're in the Eagle State?
We're still crying about 9-11 too busy not forgetting. What's that? You guys moved on quick. No, we never forget
Yeah, we set the alarm. That was 11 minutes ago. Keith get over it. I think that alarm was to show off
You want someone to pull you out by the feet Rob. No, no, no do not do that if New York is
Nickname we've never said it to each other and what's the New York?
Equivalent of the Golden State the Big Apple is no, that's the city
The entire salad the whole state is fruit salad. I don't care. I can't I can't stay mad at you fruit basket
Yeah, I don't I feel bad. I don't know. All right, then the Empire State, right? Oh the Empire State
Jeff I totally got credit for that. That was that was amazing that you've had that trivia Handa. Thank you
How did you think of that? That's a crazy sometimes it comes to you. It's like when you've been podcasting this long, right?
It's just the experience. Yeah, we don't have that. It's like a light bulb, but then you don't throw it on the ground and let it chatter
Right, it's like a light bulb that you hold
Have you gone back to Israel since you were four? I have yeah, we used to go a lot every summer every other summer and then
Like ten years ago, my parents moved back. I went a couple times, but we no longer speak. So you don't speak to your parents anywhere
I can't tell if I don't speak to them or if they don't speak to me, but we're not speaking Wow
Yeah, it's just kind of like fell apart. That's like you Dan and your folks
Well, I speak to my folks, but I could see I mean, I don't want my parents to hear me say I could see but it's it's like
It's not held together with the kind of talk to your brother anymore, right? You have a niece that you don't know
I've never met. It's like Sesame Street bullshit
Why don't you talk to your brother anymore?
My brother guy I talked shit about him on the podcast. What'd you say? What'd you say about him?
I implied that that there was a strange kind of thing when I was growing up between him and my mom
I was just trying to be more glib than anything, you know
I don't see what the big deal about that is that sounds like fine, but I like I thought after I after I did it
No, you know, it's like I was like, oh shit my brother. I don't want my brother to hear that
I don't want my brother to stumble onto this by himself, you know, like so even though it sucks to like turn him on to it
Because it could just get away with it
I'm gonna it would be so much worse if he just
Wandered into it that I have to it's hard to guess that though because maybe if only it's only telling him
It must be so bad if you felt you had to give it to him
Exactly, I just but at that point it's kind of like it was the only right thing to do after the wrong
I had done was it's like you probably shouldn't talk about other people you should try not to I mean say was it was it real
Oh, it was that's why it was so mad. Well, I mean it was it wasn't
subjective though, it was it was it was it was I was sharing a subjective like kind of feeling as it's just like
My mom and my brother had like an intense more intense relationship than
Then then then me and my mom had got I was like in front of a crowd
So I kind of like you know as I said, I like I don't know I like I like I like being like
When I I don't like talking about my family anymore has to go running or something just there for
Like I like I've now since like I've been I've been doing this for so long
And now I've gone through phases and one of them is like I don't like I just try to avoid talking about anybody
But myself as much as I can
And but back then I didn't really have any kind of rules
I was still coming from a zone of like, you know, what whatever the fuck, you know
If you encountered me in your life, then you're part of my fucking
Tapestry and and so I
When I heard it afterwards and I was like I better I better email my brother so that
And then I emailed him and the problem the email is do you think you should listen to it? I don't think it's too much
It's probably silly, but you should anyway. I'm definitely gonna keep it in my show. Oh, yeah
Well, I'm not gonna fucking respect your brother. Yeah, because it's not like I gave his address and like like said go talk to him about it
It's just like I mean it was just implied you have sex with mom. It was
I'd be more alarmed that someone referred to me as my own chosen nickname Darth Vader
Well, yeah, I mean, I think it was all in there
I think I kind of did a run where I was like
Let me tell you about my brother and then so I heard it
I was like I better I better I better tip him off that I clowned him if I want to try to salvage anything because he might get mad
He might he might not though. He might be like whatever you fucking turd like like
And I any he must have listened to it and then he emailed me back
And he was like he was just really kind of inconsolable about it
I probably also wasn't very good at resolving that kind of thing back then so I
Like that's why I don't talk to him. It was also kind of coincided with him having the kid that I've never met because and I think it was
In some in some respects. I like what he said sounded healthy to me, which is like, oh, I just had a kid
I'm sick of this family like I have a chance at a fresh start here, which is something that my therapist constantly echoes, too
She's like you don't have to don't let people tell you that you have to like, you know
Have this connection to these Walton mountains that you grew up on, you know
Like that sometimes like just let them be, you know, like, you know, like thanks
Like like like you got to find your own thing and like like like so and my brother was like
Yeah, it's my chance to start my own thing and like start it fresh and like my daughter will never know this weird
Right, she'll never she'll never know is her her her uncle. This is uncomfortable, but I hope okay. Let's bring him out
Oh, how old is your nephew that you've never met me sneeze me? Sorry, I don't know
Over over over 10 and you've never spoken to her never
any drive-bys
No, no start crying. No, I think my mom sent me a couple pictures. What's the last time you cry? Oh
Really really recently like I cried I crying therapy
I'll cry I cried at cocoa
Give a cry happy that just like to see some beautiful weather or something like that
I guess cocoa is kind of a happy cry right you crying because you're happy for the
Mexican people they're
Happy they're dead or whatever. Well, I think you missed the point, but yeah
I haven't seen cocoa so don't spoil it for me, but I assume he's wrong
No, you're supposed to be happy the they're the dead Mexican people it sounds bad when you say it
But it's the truth of the movie is you're crying with happiness for the for the dead Mexican
Okay, I want to come out now. I want to oh well should have thought of that
I think if those characters were here they'd say well, how do you do the Mexican?
It's a very Mexican movie, which also made it good
Rob, you only have a half hour of show left you can you can tough it out. Yeah, you got this to my face is starting to hurt
Well, that's shingles
You might have just one side
Well, it's the one I'm resting my weight on are you dusting I I used snorting dust under there dusting
Let me ask you this
Rookie to Pro
Broadcasting, how do you how do you find an ending? You know like what do you what if you get caught in a rut where your show is?
Apparently two hours long. What do you do you keep making it two hours?
I've been I have fantasy where I keep like I keep like roll it back five minutes. Yeah, why can't you do that?
I don't know we could do we could do that
I guess the same reason why it became two hours because I don't know well
I don't know in a vacuum. How do you say the magic words and we could just well that week we couldn't do that feels awkward to me
That's not that's literally not possible. I
Think what we need well, we don't need it now because we're you know pretty soon
We'll be in front of an audience again, and we'll do you miss that? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, of course
You know, so what's the status now? I've been away for a while. What's going on with the audience thing?
We're gonna we're getting one back. We're gonna we're gonna be doing a residency at a theater
Yeah
I would we're reversing the trope of the guy under the bed having to hide while the people on top are doing it
There's a guy under my bed doing it
You're gonna believe any kids now. Let's say there's monsters under the bed
Yeah, Rob. Are you thinking it was a good idea or a bad idea to go under there? He's happy. Oh
He's coming hold on I
Yeah, okay, he's finishing. I think it might be a
I don't think it's a good idea. Yeah, this is a great idea
Option ever comes up. Just don't assume that you should he wants everybody to know I think you should feel accomplished
You said I wonder if I can get under the bed and now he's on you don't have to wonder anymore
I wanted to come out but then Jeff started sticking that thing in my ass
So so you want to stay there longer so you can keep doing it
No, I guess you wanted to yeah hide under the bed. I don't know him them getting a mom vibe here
The New York Squares
Thanks, buddy. Well, of course, I think anyone who says they don't want to be a mom would make a great mom
You're saying that you're being sarcastic that's what everybody says, right?
Like we all jump on the women that say they don't want to be not literally jump on them
But that like like like we act like they're refusing the mother. Yeah, you would I do get annoyed when I say
I don't want to hold your baby and people there's like that. That's like a guy thing
I think like like because everybody thinks it's like a trope where like oh, you're gonna hold the baby
And then you're gonna turn into like a dad that wants a baby
Jurassic Park when he's got the two sleepy kids on him and Lord during yeah, like I don't answer John Cusack in
good point blank
Gross point blank like like it's not it's that that's not gonna happen all the time and that's not me saying
I hate your baby or I hate babies
They're just so like I don't want to hold your baby like like just because you need your baby held at this particular time because you
Want to experience a brief taste of what it's like to be a normal human for a couple seconds?
Like that doesn't that's not gonna just sync up with me wanting to hold a baby. I
Warned people that I'm not good at holding babies and they keep insisting on the third time
I run with the baby. Yeah, you know, I just realized if people would just characterize it as what it is
Which is a favor if they would go would you mind holding this baby like like it's like like what you do with a bowling ball full
Of hornets, you know, like would you do you mind so I can get a drink so I can retaste my youth?
No, I will do that favor as a friend because you've done shit for me
But they're always like you want to hold them you want to hold them don't you you're doing them the favor
Yeah, you have to be the one thinking. Oh, thanks for giving this chalice of fucking
Magic I
Sorry, I know I'm sitting here pretending like I'm a curmudgeon
Yeah
There's a very there's a ripping sound
That's a tendon. I think I'm actually so old now. That's I
It's been eight years since anyone's made me hold a baby
It's not even I'm at a party where there's where there's fertile people wouldn't run it around, you know
Like like all of my friends kids are in college
Have you ever been given the ultimatum have a baby or we're breaking up?
No, Rob, you want me to get the kettle out so we can scoot you along here
Should we all grab one side and just see who's stronger
Cody and I are up in the air. I think we you know, we made a decision like let's be the couple that doesn't know if they're gonna
Have a kid, you know, I'm like we like we like that. It's like why do you have a favorite color?
What does that mean legs is what if I say my favorite color is orange like
Orange is it's slipping. What's your favorite movie? It doesn't make any sense, right? It doesn't but do you have a favorite color?
There's metal leg. No, I don't like it's slipping of what a t-shirt
of a t-shirt burgundy
Oh, good one. What if Rob is dying and we're just it's
Gorschting my hand. I picked your uh Dan being a kid though and then ask in the elementary school class like what is your favorite color?
I was what is it? What is a favorite color? Now everything's that color
I wish I could go back and be that kid like like I think I was that kid in ways that I didn't understand
I was being that kid, but I want to go back and taste being that kid and like actually draw a line in the fucking Santa
Go fuck you stop tickling me, you know, you know, that's a thing now like non-consensual tickling like you I
I'm watching my girlfriend's sister and
They're raising their kids and they're like they're doing all the like those kids have never been hit
They've never been like like they they they're there
It's all the tropes that you would roll your eyes at for modern parenting, you know, but they're they're great kids
They're they're totally like happy and healthy and they like look the the boy is two years older than the girl and he like
loves her and like hugs her and says I love my sister and stuff and
They give them a thought process instead of telling them what to do
Yeah, like they engage with them like in a way that I'm like when I first was watching them do it
I was like don't just fucking don't you know that kid is fucking manipulating you like teach him
Who's the fucking boss, you know like in the back of my head? I was just like don't let that piece of shit run your life
But you and the kid you lean over you don't have me
Yeah, you want to have a fun exercise or you stand up real quick. Oh sure sure
Okay, yeah, we're worried about Rob thrashing under the bed might have caused the bed to because I'm stable. He seems so resilient
Are you kidding on Ikea furniture that would be a fucking crazy way for Rob to have died
It would be very fitting I think it would be a horrible way for him to die
But it would be the best way for your friend to have died
Like oh, how'd your friend died I crushed him I crushed him
How you doing okay, hey Dan this is it's not really my place to say this but well, we had three endings that we passed
In answer your question
Yeah
Never never let a guest make you get out of bed
Okay, see this is good at you everything just changed. I wish I knew these tips. Well, I mean Spencer's he's the game master
He's not really a guest. He's like kind of a permanent resident. I'd like to think of myself as a guest
Because it gives me more clout. I meant the gentleman actually under your bed, but I see what you're saying
I like to think of Rob as a guest. I don't even know what he is. He's a is the Hamburglar
He's a ward of the of the podcast. I just started showing up
Felt sorry for me. All right. Well, I think the answer to my own question is
Is
There's a little bit of format needed so that you know, you know, we used we were playing D&D and we'd know okay
Well, then we're gonna end the show with D&D, but you know
It's you miss that Spencer. Those were the days, right? Oh, yeah, I mean, I'm a really structure-driven person
So I just crave it. I'm like a vine. I need one of those trellises. Otherwise. I'll just trip everybody
Did you do you ever bring a D&D game that you wrote anyway, even though he says we don't do that anymore?
I even though he says he we don't do shadow run anymore. Yeah, I actually I still bring I get I bring a session for every game
We've abandoned
And I bring a Balder dash
It's good, but it doesn't it doesn't often come up, but I like to be prepared you're
into your your NPR
Remote piece about the right the permits. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, I've done all that stuff
We didn't play a single one of those. I think I prepare will we do we do two hours?
So I prepare six hours for every show we do most of it doesn't matter
But I do I do commit does that bother you at all because you do all that and Dan went out and bought some eggs
Yeah, I did buy those you got the eggs too
It was part of he was like we're gonna need some eggs on the show
No, I love it. I appreciate it
I like not having to do the work that I did right does anything does anything bother you about the whole setup
You can say no, I think the bed's a little loud, right?
It's a bit garish
Like me like an inch more underneath I
Could have used it to be like three times rickety here if you go down there and look at the three little posts that are holding up
The center of this bed. It's it's not structurally. Yeah, you think a grown man was
Thrashing around while someone was like
Laying on it. It looks really shaky. I
Was really worried that Rob is actually just going to get demolished. Well, he was yeah
It was very we was warping at pretty intensely while he was under it. Do you guys want to play high-low?
Oh, wait, that's where how do you play that? It's like red is red like green light?
Sure, but differ. Yeah. Well, how do you play it?
Okay, you say that funny because I will not agree to it. So I know how to play first take your dick out
I'm glad I said. Yeah, this is right. What's the rules?
I knew it the simplest version is you say the high of the day and you're low of the day
We expanded a little to say what the lesson is of the low and what you're grateful for but we can start with just high-low
What's the high of the day? What's the low of the day? That sounds like a show closer. I like that
I think the high of the day for me was
Rob being hilarious and under the bed
And what was your low?
Was my low I just been kind of in a
Like I can't turn on the news kind of depression and so
Watching Twitter freak out about Michelle
and all that stuff and
Feeling the pressure that you have to catch up with it
What does that be? It's like it's like come on like we have a fucking rapey racist fuck face
And that's our fucking issue is that that a woman made a funny ass joke that you can't take it
Then we're the bad guys. So yeah, I just got into a mild
The world is full of bullshit
Spiral today, what do you do when that happens? How do you get out of it?
You put on a suit. I took a nap and put a suit on. Okay. That's nice a suit actually kind of makes up for lots of
Spends things. Yes, he comes in with a five-piece suit look over a day if you ever seen with a 11-piece suit
That means I have face shingles. There's a tie on the back
Is everything or it was yours? Let's go. Let's let's go down the line
That's it. My my highs being here. It's very exciting nice
And the low is for a split second. I thought Rob would die, but then he started
Yeah, so her high was being on this show and look what you did for the whole show you caused her low
I caused I caused her low. I'm sorry. That's actually made low as I told a rape joke earlier
And I can't tell if it was appropriate or not, but I went for it. It's hard these days
It is back in the old days. You say it was so safe. I
Made this space not
It was on the show don't you remember you were here and not disgusted at all. Yeah
Keith Malley, I think my high would be being a resident of Harmontown for a minute
My low is the poor homeless person that's gonna come across his bed and be so
Excited and then laying it for a second and it breaks and he has shingles
That's tough. That's a tough day. That's the day you put on a couple suits and he went. Yeah
Schrab, hello. My high was having lunch with Kate
we've been
We we've been we watched this this on have you seen this on Netflix the chef's table. Have you seen?
No, yeah, it's it there's like episode about like how this is how we start got it interesting going to
Buddhist temple, but there is like this Buddhist woman chef who was like talking about like how to eat and and
preparing food and and the thing that we've been trying lately is
eating silence and
like
taking a bite putting your spoon or fork down and chewing it and being present and
feeling the food in your mouth and because like
Usually usually people are like eating while they're watching TV or checking their email or multi-tasking or whatever
You're not really and you're just shoving food in your mouth. Have you had the celestine prophecy? What's that the celestine prophecy?
Say again. Have you read the celestine prophecy? No, I guess no
Well because they talk about they talk about the prophecy. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, but it's but it is it is like that. It's just being very mindful and present and I know I've found by doing that that
The food that I'm eating tastes better and I'm more satisfied and I've have like this more kind
It's just it's a it's a great time of the day not for the waiter. That is a pain in the ass
Well, we made our own food at home. Yeah, but but then the blue apron they provide you the ingredients and
The the the low point I'm having the chicken fried cuckoosy with raisin bread barnesies
My low low point is is Dan interrupting me
Dan Hilo my low point was saying goodbye to Cody before she had to go and I knew I'd come to the show and like she can't
Stay over tonight because she's got work in the morning and and you know, who knows if we'll see each other tomorrow
So it's like, you know, it's at the end of a weekend me having to come do this show
No offense to the people that enjoy it. Although I
Don't understand your enjoyment
during for the last few episodes, but I
I
It's just like traditionally Sunday nights before I come here are kind of a low because I'm like a weekend's over and
like no more sleepovers with Cody and
And we kind of wasted our time together sometimes I feel like we watched that we tried to watch that Hugh Jackman
PT Barnum
Musical and I was like Wolverine Hugh Jackman's playing Barnum. Yeah, it's I wasn't that play when I was a kid
And my hi for real was just now when you guys started with your lows
Who my hi was realizing that because I went off a Twitter when I got the shingles. It was like, okay
I'm not gonna think
Like I this Michelle Wolf thing. I don't even know who that is what happened
I know it sounds like totally aggravating and upsetting and I totally have no clue about it
And it's not like not knowing about the polar ice caps. It's like that sounds like it's not knowing about some shit
That's like just kind of you can avoid. Yeah, like it sounds like I wasn't gonna help that subject
It was only gonna make me upset, you know, so I kind of feel like dodged a bullet kind of high
Get off that. I'm like, wow that encourages me to stay off of
Twitter and then of the word snowflakes got really hurt by a woman doing a joke about makeup and
Everybody really went off the fucking handle
We're gonna make you know anyway
What this world's like
No, it's kind of like I mean, I don't mind hearing all about the bullet I dodged. It's like, oh, yeah
It was like a 22 with the you know, yeah
That can't really be my low
I think that was just I think my low is being in a place where that was affecting me
Like it's like there's something lower than that that makes that even a thing that is on my radar
Oh, my new low is is is this having to be witnessed to this low backpedaling
I don't I don't like this low like finding out that lows are changing my low that my low is this awful horrible fake
Ficus is behind you. This is this stricken
I said you're gonna say like this fit this fern on your forehead like I was gonna start like shingle shaming me
I like I like that your low isn't even your shingles. So do you have other lows? Oh, yeah, you know what you're right
I had shingles with it and it should either be that my high is that oh, they're kind of like done
You know like I had a kind of a pain-free day
I might be imagining this but they look less red than when the show started. I think you're actually healing as we watch
It's been passing them off. The irony is that the rest of your face is catching up
You want to see them get scabbier like that that's good news like when you the scabbier they get just don't pick them
You'll get a scar. Yeah, I wasn't gonna pick the fucking
Just just don't just don't worry him to death. You gotta if you start picking at it
You're gonna get a scar. I'm not free and it's not on my knee. It's a fucking herpes scar on my head. It hurts to
Right, just don't pick at it. Damn. You're not you're not concerned that DeMorge has been sleeping
He has every right to sleep
It's a boring show. It works hard. What do you want DeMorge to do? He's taking it in. Give him the bed. No
Oh, yeah, sure. Okay. DeMorge, you want to get up here and crawl in the bed?
Get some of that Harmon Jingle. Rob's kind of in it.
If you if you share a if you share a good high low in the bed, you can
You can close the show unless you had to go underneath the bed again church. You had a church
Spencer high low. Oh
Is it look like I could do fucking Dungeons and Dragons again. I'm high as a kite my man
And my low is
Just the rest of existence, I think it's rough
You got high low rodent then
Yeah, Dan fucking
Stick it to that. The only problem I have with a high low is that you is it you no matter what you're ending on a low
And there's no way it's gonna close the show. Yeah, we should we added a what do you like?
What did you learn from low and what are you grateful for? Oh, right, right?
Yeah, I mean we should have played you guys go last because you probably use it to close your shows and are good at making them good
What are you doing? You're like a fucking cat
Stop it he fucking read it was so sad
He like it's I got I got a tweet in my timeline back when I was on Twitter and it said
There was it was a guy saying like I think you should bring Rob to Boston and it said above it Rob
Schrab retweeted because that's why I was in my time line
Island I was like three retweets and you know that one of them is Rob. Yeah
By the way, I like all his talking about not being on Twitter anymore. That was yesterday, Dan
It was like two days ago. That's a long time for a Twitter junkie. That's like, you know, baby steps one day at a time
Did you get your chip? Yeah, I deserve a big big old chip for not knowing who Michelle Wolf is
Don't even know the closing song Dan Harmon
Yo
It's about time to learn what we learn
Talk about how we burn the herpes out our head. Don't let him get inside you
You gotta go wide you gotta keep on rapping at the end of the show
Don't take a crap in to do your butt get it outside. So what put it in the toilet flush it down
Fuck your mama like a clown. Put a red nose on hers. Fuck your mama in her purse climbed inside
fucking pussy
Gary Busey
Fimda take it with the hook
Oh, I got the shingles and I don't need to worry. Yeah, about we're just
All the shingle ladies, yeah
Oh, I'm a shingle ladies. I'm a shingle ladies
Yeah, yeah, yeah shingles shingles all the way shingling baby
Yeah
All right, yeah
Just hear those Dan have a shingle in a ring ting tingling to blue apron. Yeah, blue apron
Hymns for Hymns for Hymns dot com for Hymns dot com. Yeah for Hymns dot com
Yeah for Hymns dot com. Yeah, my dick. Don't work. My head is bald gonna go to the website that called me to it's adventure
I'm gonna fuck your mom in a second
Yeah, they call it a crutch but Starsky and Hutch also had a crutch they got in their car and they drove too much
But you don't see them saying hey, let's do that less
Y'all
Oh, we're sitting in bed and doing all the wrong for Hymns dot com for Hymns dot com
Com a rectile turn your boner on
Get your hair growing
Spencer break it down
What?
Spencer my headphones up
Got one goals on the face. I think Rob died
human race
We're just shingles on the earth fill it out fill it skirt. I am happy for mirth pretty high
David first
Yeah
Let's think our guests
Keith Malley and Hemda Khalili am I saying that correctly? Yeah, thank you Rob Schrab the supine and
narrowly escape from a horrible crushing death
The game master who didn't have to play a game Spencer Crittenden. We played high-low. We played high-low and I win right?
I won. I think
Everyone's a winner. I don't think it was anything like red like green light. No, no
I don't know. It didn't know where even compare to red like green light
It wasn't even close. Let's thank church for the wonderful
Photos and videos. I'm hoping happened tonight from the madness sleepy DeMorge out there
suffering from the horrible loss of arsenal and the loss of your beloved manager of 22 years
How you feeling about that demorge?
22 years is a long time. Let it go. I'm your comptroller Jeff Davis
Your mayor is Dan Harmon. Let's thank church and you sang and you know, I don't have to go to
Sarah everybody back there
I don't have to go thank you to starburn, you know, I don't want to go
Yeah, always to start going to boss. Are we doing more shows or is this the end of this?
This is this is like the what is it when you go to the website and watch Bill Maher talk more about
Corn syrup and animals. I don't know
Go to Boston go to Long Island long island. What's our date in Boston?
We're playing the Wilbur theater the 22nd of which month
22nd of June the Wilbur theater, which is a fantastic theater if you've not been there
I don't know my favorite venues in the door in the continental US. It's a good good time
We'll go get wicked retarded together and probably have some lobster and whatever the fuck
They have vegan lobster. I'll have a vegan
But with the retardedness will be we can guarantee your wickedness and the retardedness
Or your money back Rob Straub will be there by his own self proclamation
Come on
No
The break Braille
the cradle of aviation
You see him that's like through a convention 23rd of June you have to get you have to like drive the convention or get tickets to that
That is part of Long Island
Long Island. Yeah, yeah, family long
My brother lives in we're in Long Island. Oh, it's terrible. It's so far and the humidity. Oh, I hate it
It's gotta travel
There's a place with an exile of that is just so it's excellent. So it's kind of nice
Yes, no, I plot so nice Philkister compared to one
Why is it long?
It's too long. It's Long Island
Anyway, you're going there
What's the city we're gonna be in Long Island
Long Island, what's the town Long Island?
Can you believe this is a show
That's right. Can you believe the definition of show who has changed this much?
It's almost like putting a bed on stage didn't lend itself to high energy go to the Harmontown
Instagram to see some choice boomerangs that church did of of Jeff
Sodamizing Rob with a foreign object. Also go to this ficus's go from me page so we can get this moisture
They want this to turn into
Feed me see more
All right, dry fast take chances. We bid you a fond farewell
Zach Pumper up did you get any of that